Hey, good morning family. I have a
great video here for you. I have a
great testimony—something that I've
been believing God for, and the Lord came
through. I just came on today
to tell you about the goodness of God
and what faith can do. First
of all, I want to say thank you for all
the likes, all the shares, and all
the kind words in the comment
section. God is so good. He told me to
start this channel back at the first of
the year, and to see what the Lord has
done in such a short amount of time has
been amazing. I just want to
say thank you from
the bottom of my heart, for my wife's
heart, and for my children. We just want to
say thank you for all the love gifts and
for all of the support that you're
showing us. We just want to let you
know we pray for you. We're believing
for your miracles, for a
turnaround in your finances, and
for healing in your
bodies. I just believe that
nothing is impossible to him who believes,
and God is still doing miracles today.
Here's a miracle that God did for
me. At the beginning of this year, I
had the same mower. I have a little
over an acre of land that I take care
of every week in the
summer and the spring, and
then through the fall. I have a lot
of trees, and the trees drop all the
leaves. I've had the same
mower now for going on 20 years.
The transmission belt that makes it go
was slipping really bad.
I started looking at how much
mowers cost and pricing them.
For my land and how much of a mower I
needed, it was going to cost thousands
and thousands of dollars. I said,
'Lord, I don't
want to spend that kind of money on a
credit card or try to do this right now.
I'm just going to use this mower as
much as I can.'I
anointed it with oil, started praying
over my mower, and I just had to drive really
slow.
Here we are in
August, and all through the
summer, it was
just driving really slow; it took
me forever to mow this
land. I didn't
complain; it was
irritating, but I just used
it as prayer time. The
more time I had to mow, the more time I spent
praying in the spirit and
seeking Him. It was
just my private time
mowing grass. Lo and behold, I was
outside and I was weed-eating around
my yard tonight when a lady from the
church drove up in a truck with
a mower on a trailer in the back.
She jumped out of
the truck and said, 'Brandon,
the Lord spoke to me in my yard last
night
and told me to come and
bless you with this mower. I bought it
last year and I paid $7,000 for it.'She
said it's brand new and has
the bagger and everything. This
mower is top of the line—the Cadillac of mowers. It's
one of the best
mowers you can buy on the market;
it doesn't get any better, really.
The engine
is really big. This
sucker's huge. She
and her husband got out and said, 'We
believe the Lord spoke to us
to give you this mower to use for your
land.'I
said, 'Are you kidding me?'and they
said, 'Yeah.'She was crying and
he was crying;
it was a
sacrificial gift.
I was so taken aback by it. I just said,
'Praise God,'because I've been
believing for this mower and the Lord
came through. I'm
not bragging about what God did; I'm rejoicing
in it.
I'm trying to tell you that faith can do
anything. If you want to believe for anything—it
doesn't matter how big or
how small—God is able to
provide. He came
through for me again.
They rolled that mower down
off that trailer and said,
'Here you go.'They taught me how to use it—it
took a bit because
it had all these buttons and features.
It was just amazing.
As
I
said, it has the bagger for
the leaves for the coming fall.
Everything I ever wanted
in a mower, God gave it to me today. I
just want to tell you right now how good
God is. God is a good God, He loves
you so much, and He provided for me again
today with something that was
like the Cadillac of mowers. It's
not like a little push
mower; He gave me the best
of the best of a rider and, in
the world scene, I'm just telling you
it doesn't get any better than that.
If God can do it for me, He can do it
for you. I didn't complain about it; I
tried to be thankful for what I had and keep
a good attitude, regardless
if that belt was slipping. I
anointed it with oil and kept praying
over it, 'Little mower, you're
going to last all through the summer;
you're not going to fall apart.'It
kept getting worse and worse, but I
kept praying
in the spirit and
laying hands on my mower: 'Mower, you're
going to work today when I need you to
work.'I
told my wife,
'It's okay. It's prayer time. We'll just
keep a good attitude and just keep going.'I
said at the end when
they have a big sale sometime, we're
going to find one. So I looked at
Craigslist and Facebook
Marketplace. I was always looking, saying,
'Father, I thank You that You're
going to provide something good and I'm
going to get it for a good deal.'I
kept thanking
Him all the time, 'Thank You, Lord, that
You've got this. I thank You, Father,
that You supply for my
needs.'I
kept saying to myself,
'I'm not going to complain.'I thank You, Lord, that
all my needs are met
according to Your riches and glory, and
this mower is even a concern to You.
I kept
mowing week after
week, and
all of a sudden, a breakthrough comes.
That's the way God moves.
Breakthrough comes. Faith
calls those things that be not as though
they were. The same faith that will
move a mountain will produce a mower,
a healing, or
whatever you need—an
electric bill paid or
some food for your children.
God is a provider.
I'm encouraged because
it was a great breakthrough.
When that mower
turned that corner tonight when I was
out there weed-eating in my yard, I
thought, 'What in the world?'I noticed the truck and thought they were
coming
to
help
me mow; I had no idea that they were
going to bless me with this high-dollar
mower.
I just wanted to give God
the praise for it. The Lord has been
speaking to me about 2024.
I want you all to be encouraged;
there is a major financial shifting
about to take place.
You need to
get the Word down inside of you.
I was driving down the road
praying in the spirit and the Lord warned
me, 'Brandon, there are
very sobering days coming to America and
around the world.'Very sobering days.
And I thought, "Well, that doesn't sound
like a real good word."He said, "But
Brandon, what is the opposite of
being sober?"He
said, "Being drunk. You
need to be filled with the
Holy Ghost. You need to stay full with
the Holy Ghost at all times to get
through the days ahead. You need to get
laughter down on the inside of you and
get that Holy Ghost
bubbling
up on the inside of you
to make it for what's coming."He
told me, he said, "Do you remember, son?"And
this is just the way we talk.
"Do you remember
about Mary Poppins whenever they were
drinking the stuff? I love
to laugh."He said, "That's the way you
need to be. I love to laugh. You need to
be filled with the Holy Ghost
and laughter."And I've told you all
this before, but the Lord reminded me
again to tell you: you need to be filled
with a refreshing,
drinking
of the spirit through praise.
You need to get into the spirit of
praise in your house, worshiping Him and
thanksgiving and praise
and adoration. "God, thank you for
all that you've done for my home,"and
get in that vein because
when praises go up,
blessings come down. I'm telling you, I
was in a state of prayer last
night. I was trying to tell you, and I
kind of skipped around here
about 2024 and what He was warning
me about, and it's going to be a
year that we soar. It's time for the
body of Christ to start taking the
dominion and our authority over the land
and walking in a presence on our lives.
We will soar in '24. Remember that it's a
good year. It's not going to be a bad
year. And what the devil meant for bad,
God will turn it for good in
your favor if you just grab hold of it.
I'm telling you, it's not a time to
start to shrink back. It's time to take
the land. It's time to take what God has
given us and go with boldness.
Like Joshua, we're going to go
and walk around the
walls of Jericho and we're going to give
a great shout. And those walls that the
devil has tried to put up over the years
are coming down. It's time for the walls
to come down. But how they did it was a
shout of praise. Oh, glory, glory,
glory. Glory to God in the highest. And
they blew their trumpets and bam, all
the walls came down through a great
earthquake and it shook those walls and
they went in and they took the city of
Jericho. Now, it's time for us to do the
same things like they did of
old. It's time for us to walk in
revival. It's time for us to be able to
take dominion and authority over our
children. And we need to know
who we are in Christ. Christ is the same
yesterday, today, and forever. And the
same Jesus that was raised from the
dead is dwelling on the inside of you
in the Holy Spirit. He's inside
of you. And it's time to walk in
abundance. It's time to walk in favor.
It's time to turn the circumstances
around in your life. God is no respecter
of persons. I'm telling you all, I saw
the blessing and the favor of God even
yesterday. You've got to
change it. What you said today is what
you'll be living tomorrow.
If you don't like where you're
living right now, check what you
said yesterday. I'm trying to tell you
something. It's very important. Your
words, speaking out of your mouth,
decreeing a thing is what you are
living. That's the fruit. Every seed you sow
through your words or through
financial giving will produce: some 30,
some 60, and 100fold. If you need a
miracle in your finances, you need to sow
into good ground. You need to
believe God because the harvest comes by sowing
seed. If you're not sowing seed,
you can't believe God for a harvest.
I tithe. I give
regularly as much as I can. And I sow
those seeds and I believe and He
provides. But if you're not sowing seed,
don't expect a harvest in that area.
What you sow, you'll reap. Whatsoever a
man soweth, that shall he also reap.
It's a law. If you sow corn into the ground,
you're going to reap back corn. If
you sow peas into the ground, you're
going to reap back peas. If you sow
potatoes and so on, the same thing. You sow
into the kingdom of God and you
bless ministries. You help people out
and God's going to bless you: good
measure, pressed down, shaken together,
and running over, shall men give unto
your bosom. He'll give you creative
ideas to get wealth. He'll bless you so
that you can be a blessing to others.
It's not always about hoarding
things on yourself. It's about being a
blessing to the person in the
line at the grocery store. They may not
have grocery money to buy any
groceries. They may be running
low, but you go in there and you show
the love of God, and the Holy
Ghost speaks to you and he tells
you, "Hey, you see that person right
there? They don't have the money to buy
their groceries. They're running
real low on finances, but you can tell
them Jesus loves them and buy their
groceries today."But you can't do that
broke. You can't do that bound. You've got
to be treading
water, not sinking in the water. We've
got to be above and not beneath. We've got
to go through and not go
under. God has the cattle
on a thousand hills and He has given it
to us. He said, "I've given you dominion
and authority and power in this earth.
Go and take dominion. Subdue
it just like He told Adam."And
we have that same power on the
inside of us to subdue and
take dominion and authority over things.
And God wants us to be a blessing to our
neighbor.
What's coming is going to be bad
in the natural. I hope you all
understand me. I do not try to preach
fear, but I need to warn you again.
Listen to me. A great shaking is
coming. It is a massive shaking. It
will be very hard for some people.
And if you are not able to be a blessing
to your neighbors around you that don't
know Jesus Christ, you're missing it.
We've got to come up another level. I
saw it again in the spirit. I saw a
great financial harvest. They were
like dominoes stacked up. And I saw the
years and the months ahead. And the Lord
painted it out in front of me and He
told me, He said, "There's going to be a
financial shifting. There's going to be
a catastrophic event. There's going to
be an outpouring of my spirit.
There's going to be a great
harvest of souls."But He told me, He
said, "Brandon, that's what I'm trying to
tell you again. 2024 you will soar. It's
time to come up another level. It's time
to do things greater. I will provide all
your needs according to My riches in glory."And
I saw into 2024, and 2024 is
not a bad year. It's a blessed year. I'm
telling you. But like I said, it's like
a
coin.
You can either
focus on the bad
or you can focus on the good. It's that
thin. But it's a choice. You can praise
Him through the storm and speak to your
storm and tell it to be still, or you
can let the storm overtake you. But you
are in charge of your destiny. But you
speaking out of your mouth, "Well, my
life's never going to change. My life's
never going to get better. All
things are falling apart for me,"you're
going to start living it. You can look
around you and think, "Man, my life is
looking terrible.
My car is falling
apart. My house has a leaky
roof."But
I'm telling you, a lot of what we
live today is what we spoke 10 years
ago, what we believed 5 years ago.
Life and death are in the power of your
tongue. And the Bible also says your
tongue is the pen of a ready
writer. And so you are writing your
destiny, your future, out by what you
speak. If you're saying things
out of your mouth that are ugly
and bad and you're cursing your wife—"Well,
you're a no-good so-and-so"—guess
what? You're going to start to reap a no-good so-and-so
because you have
authority over your house, husbands. You
have authority over your children. You
have authority over your wife. God gave
you dominion over that home. And when
you start speaking trash over your kids—"Well,
Johnny,
he's out there and he's just a no-good so-and-so.
He's out doing drugs,
sleeping around, doing all this stuff"—no,
you've got to change
your words. You've got to start speaking
into that circumstance, saying, "No,
Johnny's full of the Holy Ghost. He's
full of the life and the power of God,
and God's going to deliver him and use
him for the kingdom. Things are going to
get better in Johnny's life."I don't know
what's going to happen to the
person next door, but as for me and
my house, we will serve the Lord. And
that's the kind of words you've got to
start saying. You've got to speak life into
your circumstances. You've got to speak
life into your children. You've got to
speak life into your wife. And
wives, you need to speak life into your
husband. You don't need to be out
cursing him: "Oh, he's just a drunk."No,
he's not a drunk. He's full of the
Holy Ghost. He's full of the wine of the
Holy Ghost. He's going to be
leading our family into victory. He's
not going to be out doing bars and
cheating and doing all that stuff. He's
going to be in here preaching the word
of God and leading this family into
victory.
You have to speak to your circumstances.
Do you understand? Like I told you a
thousand times, it feels like your
mountain has to hear your voice. But
what you live—I'll say it again—what
you're living right now, what you're
having in your life right now is a
result of what you said yesterday.
Remember that you have got to speak life
into your circumstances. You have to
because life and death is in
the power of the tongue. It's so
important that you hear what I'm telling
you because a lot of you—I see what
you're saying: "Well, God works in your
life but he doesn't work in mine."You
know why? Because that's what you
believe. Out of the abundance of the
heart, the mouth speaks. The Bible says that
what you believe in your heart,
you're going to say out of your mouth. You
can always pinpoint somebody and where
they are in their faith because of what
they're saying out of their mouth. I can
just get around you for five minutes
to have a conversation and ask
you certain questions about
your life. What do you say about your
life? What are you saying
about your circumstances? Because I
can pinpoint your faith real quick.
You will never hear me speak bad about
my kids, ever. I tell you examples of
things to help you, but I'm telling you,
I never even would let
anybody speak the word "autism"out of
their mouth. If you spoke "autism"over my
daughter, I would want to punch you in
the face. That's how much it upset
me. I'd be like, "No, you ain't
speaking that trash over my child. She's
healed by the stripes of
Jesus."It's
an illustration I'm trying to tell
you. Sometimes I tell you, "This is what
we're overcoming,"but we don't speak
that word in our house.
It's like speaking death.
That's a death word. We're not speaking
that; we speak life. Megan is healed by
the stripes of Jesus. Megan has the mind
of Christ. Megan can do all things
through Christ who's in her. I'm
not moved by what I see. I'm not moved
by what I feel right now. Yeah, she may
have had a temper tantrum and she may be
flipping out and doing her thing and
stemming and doing all this stuff, but
God, I thank you, Lord, that those
things are subject to change. I am
not moved by what she's doing right now
when she's having an anger fit or doing
something. I just pray over her mind:
"Father, I lay hands on her. I bind
any kind of demonic disturbances off of
you, baby. You are healed in the name of
Jesus. I speak to your brain cells to
line up with the word of God. I speak to
any damage in your body that's been
caused by vaccinations to be healed in Jesus'name."You
are a creative, miracle-working
God, and I believe with all my
heart that You raised Christ from the
dead and You healed
me by His stripes.
I stand on that. I'm not moved by what I
see. I'm not moved by what I feel; I'm
moved by what the word says. God is a
good God. Remember this, regardless
of what your circumstances are saying
around you: No. Regardless of how bad it
may look—you may have the worst
conditions and it doesn't look like it's changed—but
if you keep on keeping on,
if you keep speaking and you keep
declaring and you keep looking at
your circumstances, it's
going to change. It takes time sometimes to
move a big ship and to turn a huge
ocean liner. It takes a little bit to
turn that ship. Sometimes it takes a
little bit because you've been speaking
so much trash out of your mouth for so
long. It may take a little bit, but
don't give up. Don't give in to it.
The devil might come by and whisper in
your ear, telling you your
life's never going to change, you're
going to be this way forever, and there's no
God that hears your prayers. But I'm
telling you this, God is faithful and
He's going to set you free with the same
power that He set me free with.
He loves you. Don't get weary in well-doing.
Keep your faith stirred
up. You've got to get in the word every
day. You've got to get in prayer every
day because you have to keep filling
your spirit up with that word.
Find the scripture. I've said
it before and I'll say it again: you've got
to find scriptures pertaining to what
you're believing for. You've got to get
that word down inside of your heart
because in those words, that's what
brings freedom. You shall know the
truth, and the truth will set you free.
But I'm telling you, if you keep
speaking trash out of your mouth, you're
going to live it. I've
lived it; I saw it happen
when I was growing up. A lot of times my
mom would speak things out of
her mouth that she didn't believe in her
heart because whatever was at the abundance
of the heart, the mouth speaks, what I
tell you. And we
kept going around the mountain. But I'm
telling you, my mother started speaking
better out of her mouth. She lives it
now. She started speaking positive out
of her mouth. She started saying things
over us: "It's going to get better."And
I'm telling you, after the third kid,
my little brother, he had it a lot
better than what I had it. When I first
started out, we had it real rough. But
when she started getting the word of
faith and all that word down inside of
her, it started changing. My little
brother has a totally different life
than what I had. But I'm telling you
this, you can change your circumstances
by your words. You need to understand
how powerful your words are. And I hope
I haven't become boring, but I'm just
trying to tell you what's changed my
life. That's what I
kept saying about the mower. God
is a good God. He's going to take care
of me. Even whenever it didn't look like
it was going to and the summer is
almost over, but right when it's
almost time to start doing the leaves,
God says, "Brennan, I got your back. I
got you."Maybe He was talking to
that sister in the church for
weeks ahead and she was
resisting it. A lot of times, this is
what I want to tell you: when God speaks
to you to be obedient and to do
something, do it immediately. Because if
you don't, He'll bring that
person who you're believing for
and you're sowing those seeds. It may
take you a long time. This might be
something that I'm reaping. He might be
telling you, 'You need to do this,
this, and this.'He'll
bring that same kind of
person around you who was in
rebellion. Basically, if he
told them a long time ago, 'I wanted
to give that mower to them
back in June or May when the season
first started,'and they resisted it—'Oh,
I don't feel like it.
I don't want to do that. I just
paid $7,000 for that'—and they wrestle
with it,
the Lord keeps putting it on their heart: 'I
want you to do this for Brandon.''I don't
feel like doing that right now, Lord.'Don't sow
those kind of seeds. When God
speaks to you to do something,
be quick to obey because that's
the kind of seed you'll reap back. When
God speaks to somebody's heart to help
you out, be quick to obey.
He'll start
speaking to someone's heart to sow
fast to
you. You could be waiting on your
miracle sometimes and ask, 'Where is it, Lord?'like in
my situation. But there've
been times he's told
me, 'I want you to give a watch away.'I
don't want to give that watch
away because I love watches. Watches are a
big deal to me. I've given seven watches
away, and the Lord tells
me it's like a ministry to me. I
love watches. So I give these
watches away, and the Lord said,
'See that person over there in
church? I want you to.'My first watch I
ever gave away, I was 15 years old and I
paid $400 for it; it was a Seiko.
It was really dear to me because it was
one of those kinetic ones
that you could move your arm and
it would charge itself.
And the Lord spoke to me, 'I want you to
give that watch to the youth pastor.'It
was really nice back then; for me,
that was a lot of money. It took me
forever to save up for that watch.
I kept resisting it and was like,
'Please Lord, I don't want to give
that watch away.'It took me
months to save for that watch because I
was sacking groceries,
just
putting groceries up, and I only
made minimum wage. Back then,
that was nothing. I kept
resisting it and I didn't
want to sow, but I had to do my tithes and
offerings and everything. The Lord said, 'I
want you to give that watch to him.'One
day I was at church
and he walked by me, and the Lord said,
'Give that watch to him right now. I want
you to be
obedient to what I told you to do.'So I
took my watch off and I said, 'Hey,
pastor. The Lord spoke to me
to give this watch to you.
This is a sacrificial gift, and
it's painful for my
flesh because it took me over three
months to save up for this. 400 bucks.'So
I
gave it to him and I prayed over him. I
cried as I did it.
But I'm trying to tell you, God
is faithful and he always provides
another watch. He always takes care of
things. I started sowing those watches, and the
Lord gives me better watches.
So this is a thing for
me.
I'm wanting you to understand
that sometimes God will speak to your
heart and tell you to do something
that's not always comfortable to your
flesh. It wasn't
comfortable to the lady that gave me the
$7,000 mower
she just bought
over a year ago. It was
almost brand new.
It's not comfortable sometimes.
It makes you
want to go 'ooh,'but
there's reward
in it. There've been so many times
that I sow and it's painful.
But
you have to move in faith for your
circumstances. You've got
to put your faith into motion and
do things that
are uncomfortable.
God is a faithful God. And if you sow
into good ground and you sow and you
do these things, God will always come
through for you. I'm just trying to tell
you what I've lived, y'all.
I do it all the time.
And God is a faithful God. So if the
Lord tells you to bless your church or the
lady at
the grocery store and you don't want to
help, she might be down to
her last $50.
You could
be the greatest influence and the
greatest blessing to that person at that
moment and
just tell them, 'Jesus loves you and I
just want to pray for you.'They may
go, 'I need prayer.'Kind of
like when I prayed for the man that had
the bad lung problem. He was
desperate and needed his
miracle right then, or he
was getting ready to die. What an
opportunity to be a blessing!
I
see the comment section, and I'm just
trying to go by what I see.
A
lady's talking about how she's broke and
can't pay for her food.
I'm telling you how
God's always provided for me. I
wanted to tell you a testimony about
what God did for me this evening just
yesterday. God's so faithful and God
will take care of you if you believe
him. But you have to start speaking and
believing
better. When you
do,
God's going to turn
your mountain around. He's
a
mountain-dissolving
God.
We are in
the greatest days for the
body of Christ to be a light and
to be the salt. It's a choice. But
Jesus needs us to
be obedient. If we're not,
we're not doing what he's called us to
do.
He's ready to come back, but
he's wanting those souls coming in.
If you have something on
your heart and you need direction,
or for
preaching like
these little sermons I'm doing,
tell me, 'Hey, I'm
believing for
this.'I'm
trying to
give you encouragement by telling you
how my wife and I have lived
this. We're not
perfect. One time we
had our maternity and the
doctor's bills were thousands of
dollars. We were
broke.
I was working at the church and we
were real desperate. The
hospital sent the bill to a
collection agency,
and they were going
to garnish our wages.
It's the way it is here in Oklahoma.
If you don't pay
your bills,
they're able to come after
you.
Rightfully so, I owed the money, but
I just didn't have it.
We were living on food stamps. They were
saying, 'We're going to garnish your checks.'We
were like, 'God, what
are we going to do?'We couldn't even pay
our rent. So we were just
standing by faith. And this is
another circumstance.
This was something that was really
dear to me at the time because God came
through.
I was
cleaning the bathrooms of the church. I was
keeping my head up and I said, "God,
they're coming after my check,
they're going to take part
of it, and I don't have it. We're going
to go without food again."I
was just whining inside my
heart, trying to keep my faith up.
Some people in the church...
we didn't tell anybody anything because
I'm not a person who
manipulates. Don't be a person who is
manipulating people by the ministry of
hints. Don't do that.
God is your provider. Man is not. You
need to understand that. Don't go around
telling people at church, "Well, I'm
having a hard time and I can't pay my bills."Tell
God and
rejoice. Keep your eyes on Jesus. Don't
put your eyes on man. My wife, Diana,
was working. We were doing the best
we could. I was in there cleaning and
I got a call on my radio: "Hey, come to
the front."I
went up to the front and there was
a lady there. She said, "The
Lord told me to write you a check to pay
off your hospital
bills."It
took my breath away because I
was so desperate.
I called my
wife and said, "Hey, babe, look
what Jesus just did."She gave me a
check for $3,500.
She said, "The Lord told me to give you
this
to pay off your
hospital bills, what you still owed."And
God took care of all of it.
We were right there at the
point of them garnishing my wages. But
I'm trying to tell you, God is a
faithful God. And if you believe him,
nothing is impossible to him who
believes. So let me pray for you right
now.
Will you bow your heads? I'm going
to believe God. You may need a financial
miracle or
breakthrough. You may need healing in
your body.
I don't know what circumstances you
are in, but I know it doesn't
matter what it is. All things are
possible. Nothing is too
big. So, Father, right now, just stretch
your hands out to me. I'm going to
believe God with you right now.
Wherever you are, you might be all
around the world. You may be down to your
last cup of rice. There are some people
all over the place that I'm
ministering to right now. You may be to
your last cup of beans. Who knows? But I
know this: God's a multiplier. God's a
God that provides. So, Father, right now
in the name of Jesus, I speak to their
circumstances.
I agree with my brothers and sisters
right now. We speak
life out of our mouths concerning our
circumstances. We turn our circumstances
around by faith. You said that nothing
is impossible to him who believes. And
so, Father, right now in the name of
Jesus, we call forth the harvest. We
send our angels out from the north, the
south, the east, and the west to bring the
money they
need. Father, I thank you, Lord. Go,
ministering spirits, go and cause the
money and the food to come forth.
Father, I speak to
the needs. I speak to the
mountain: you go, in Jesus'name. We call
forth blessing and increase and multiplied
favor according to Malachi and
Deuteronomy 28, that everything we put
our hands to will prosper. I speak for
jobs and better jobs, raises and
bonuses, benefits, sales, and commissions.
Father, I thank you for
interest and income, rebates
and returns, checks in the mail, gifts
and surprises, finding money, bills paid
off, blessing, and increase. I thank you,
Lord, that that's the kind of God we
serve. Father, I thank you
for inheritances and
for things that have been caught up
in the court system. I speak to the
court system for favor over their
circumstances right now. If they're
being sued, I call for favor
over that lawsuit in Jesus'name. Father,
we call those things that be not as
though they were. We speak to those
circumstances in Jesus'name, and we
thank you, Lord, that you will provide.
You are El Elyon, the Most High, Jehovah Jireh.
You will provide. And God, I thank
you that you're the God of more
than enough, and you'll take care of
these people and meet
them where they are in their
faith. I thank you, Lord, that
you're bringing that blessing forth to
them right now. I thank you, Lord, that
you're turning this
on a dime. God will do it. I've seen
him do it over and
over again.
And Father, I thank you for the
people who are sick in body.
I speak to the sickness right now in the
name of Jesus. You spirit of sickness
and disease, I bind you and
I cast you out.
I command healing
to flow over their bodies from the
top of their heads to the soles of
their feet. I call them delivered and
set free.
Blind eyes open, ears open.
Cancer, go in Jesus'name. I speak to
diabetes and
heart disease
to go.
Jesus is a healer. And we believe,
Father, right now,
I believe they are healed
and
delivered from this disease.
Wow, I just saw something right
then.
I saw a turtle
sticking its
head out. That is so
strange. Father, I speak
to that in the name of Jesus.
It was a demonic spirit, is what it looked
like. And I speak to that demonic
spirit right now:
release them and let them go.
I call deliverance over their
circumstances.
Demonic strongholds be broken off of
their
lives.
I speak to that
stronghold right now; you be broken
off.
Some of you have been bound by this for years
and years.
It's like the people at the pool
of Bethesda were just waiting there
for the
angel to stir the water so they could
be healed.
You've been waiting
a long time for a
manifestation for your healing. And God
said it's coming around; that breakthrough is
coming. It's
going to be a 24-hour turnaround. Watch
right now in the name of Jesus. We speak
for a turnaround in your finances and your lives right now.
We call for a financial
turnaround.
We believe we receive this by
faith in Jesus'name.
Amen. Amen.
Things are going to get better,
y'all. So, I just want to say thank you
for joining me.
Put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Jesus loves you so
much.
Bye-bye.